## Vetspire Take-home (max 2 hours)

Fork this repo. Build a simple full stack app using frameworks of your choice. Submit your results as a pull request
to this repo with instruction on how to build/run it or, even better, a link to where we can see it already
running/deployed. Alternatively, feel free to send us an archive file of the work.

There is probably more here than can be finished in two hours. Don't worry about completeness. Focus on what's 
important and interesting to you.   

We use `Elixir`, `Ecto`, `Absinthe`, `GraphQL`, `Typescript/Javascript` and `React` at Vetspire but you are welcome to use 
whatever languages and frameworks you prefer.

We encourage you to include a README with notes about your language and framework choices as well as your design 
decisions.

### Features
- Backend API that serves:
    - A list of available dog breeds based on those available in `/images`
    - Individual dog images by breed
- Frontend UI that provides:
    - A list of dog breeds
    - The ability to choose a breed and display the image for it
- Bonus Feature:
  - Ability to add a new breed with a new image

===========================================================================================================================

## Desmond's Docs

### Language and framework choices

This project has been implemented with a Typescript React frontend and a NodeJs backed. Data is served to the frontend via GraphQL HTTP. The React frontend was generated by create-react-app and has elements of Material UI for arranging content.

### Design

To save time I made use of project generators both for the NodeJs backend, and the React frontend. This allowed me to focus on implementing the features requested, rather than time consuming set-up.

In the react frontend I decided to separate the code into: app (the initial App component which solely manages routing and global imports), components (components that are re-usable with a visual element that are not navigated to), models (data classes and interfaces), pages (components that are navigated to by the router) and services (components that are re-usable but with no visual element). This separataion of code was chosen to make the code easier to understand and add to.

### How To Run
#### Build the React App
```
cd my-app
yarn build
```
#### Run the server
```
cd ../api
yarn start
```

